User Requirement 

1. There are three types of users: unauthorized user(anonymous user), authorized user and admin.
2. As a unauthorized user, I can visit the homepage and see all the summary of recent posts.
3. As a unauthorized user, when I click on title of a post in the homepage, I can go to that post detail page and see the whole post.
4. As a unauthorized user, I can easily navigate through the whole website (The collection of all web pages)
	- There is a navigation menu, which includes "Homepage", "Archive", "Contact", "Categories", "Sign up" and "sign in"(This may be change to pop up or interactive)
5. As an unauthorized user, I can vist the archive page and sees the yearly archive. I can expand the yearly archive to monthly archive, and from monthly acrhive to daily archive and finally expand to all the post.
6. As an unauthorized user, I can vist the contact page and see the contact information of the web owners.
7. As an unauthorized user, I can visit the "Sign up" page to sign up for an account on the page.

8. As an authorized user, I can do all what an unauthorized user do.
9. As an authozied user, I can log in to my account. After log in, all web page menu will have special navigation for authorized user. This includes: "My account", "My bookmark post"
10. As an authorized user, when I visit a "detail" page of a post, I can post comment on the post.
11. As an authorized user, when I visit the "My account" page, I can edit my profile info, I can edit my mail, RSS subscription info and I can also see my recent activity on the website.
12. As an authorized user, when I visit the "My bookmark post" page, I can see all the post that I bookmarked.
13. As an authorized user, I can get to an author "dashboard". Inside the dashboard, I can write new posts. I can also edit old posts and category(tag) of old posts. I can block user comments on my posts.
	- I can edit font and format when writing posts. I can insert pictures and files 
14. As an authorized user, I can upload a picture or file to use in a post.

15. As an admin, I can do all what an authorized user do.
16. As an admin, I can block user from commenting on any pages.

